Died hahaha
That's fine.
Ah!
Okay, I see, I'll take a look.
You said that the hospital just called and said that the king passed away in a car accident
I'll take a look. Okay.
I'll stay here and greet
God's eyes are open
You're buying new power.
But I can't.
This time I will hold your hand firmly
Never let go
Whether you remember our novel or not
None of this matters.
I only hope
You can be happy
Like my words
Not poor
Mingchao brother
Brother Mingchao, I'm ready.
Don't say anymore
Do you take out some kind of identity deception or
I can ignore it.
Exhausted, don't look for it.
This is my dream
Take you away
Qin Shiyu, I'll give you another copy when you wake up.